Fix motion constraints syntax (#1411)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/services/motion/constraints.md

| Parameter Name | Type | Default | Description |
| -------------- | ---- | ------- | ----------- |
| line_tolerance_mm | float | 0.1 | Max linear deviation from straight-line between start and goal, in mm. |

> | orientation_tolerance_degs | float | 0.05 | Allowable deviation from Slerp between start/goal orientations, unit is the norm of the R3AA between start and goal. |

Author: ```suggestion
| orientation_tolerance_degs | float | 2.0 | Allowable deviation from Slerp between start/goal orientations, in degrees. |

```

| Parameter Name | Type | Default | Description |
| -------------- | ---- | ------- | ----------- |
| line_tolerance_mm | float | 0.1 | Max linear deviation from straight-line between start and goal, in mm. |
| orientation_tolerance_degs | float | 2.0 | Allowable deviation from Slerp between start/goal orientations, in degrees. |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| Parameter Name | Type | Default | Description |
| -------------- | ---- | ------- | ----------- |

> | orientation_tolerance_degs | float | 0.05 | Allowable deviation from Slerp between start/goal orientations, unit is the norm of the R3AA between start and goal. |

Author: ```suggestion
| orientation_tolerance_degs | float | 2.0 | Allowable deviation from Slerp between start/goal orientations, in degrees. |

```

| Parameter Name | Type | Default | Description |
| -------------- | ---- | ------- | ----------- |
| orientation_tolerance_degs | float | 2.0 | Allowable deviation from Slerp between start/goal orientations, in degrees. |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
